README.md, before:

# loki-logger

> [!WARNING]
> This library is still in development and is not ready for use. Consider all of the APIs to be unstable.

loki-logger is a simple library for sending logs to a Loki instance from Go. It currently intgrates with [log],
[log/slog], and [logr]. Note that only the slog impelementation has been tested in any form. Additional logging packages
may be added in the future.

[log]: https://pkg.go.dev/log
[log/slog]: https://pkg.go.dev/log/slog
[logr]: https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/go-logr/logr

## Usage

```go
package main

import (
	"context"
	"log/slog"

	"github.com/tslnc04/loki-logger/pkg/client"
	lokislog "github.com/tslnc04/loki-logger/pkg/slog"
)

func main() {
	lokiClient := client.NewLokiClient("http://localhost:3100/loki/api/v1/push")
	logger := lokislog.NewLogger(lokiClient, &slog.HandlerOptions{AddSource: true})
	logger.LogAttrs(context.Background(), slog.LevelInfo, "Hello, world!", slog.Bool("test", true))
}
```

## Copyright

This repo is licensed under the MIT license. Copyright 2024 Kirsten Laskoski.

Some of the code is based heavily on Promtail, in particular the [labelsMapToString function]. The original code is licensed under the Apache 2.0 license.

Code has also been taken from the [slog package], which is licensed under the BSD 3-clause license. See the [LICENSE-go] file for details.

[labelsMapToString function]: https://github.com/grafana/loki/blob/main/clients/pkg/promtail/client/batch.go#L76
[slog package]: https://pkg.go.dev/log/slog
[LICENSE-go]: ./LICENSE-go

Commit message:

refactor: overhaul of testing, retry client
This commit refactors most of the repo, notably including more tests and updating the library for snappy.

The slog package still needs some work but log and logr should be functioning as intended.

README.md, after:

# loki-logger

> [!WARNING]
> The slog package is currently in development and should not be used. The log and logr packages are more stable now.

loki-logger is a simple library for sending logs to a Loki instance from Go. It currently intgrates with [log],
[log/slog], and [logr]. Note that only the slog impelementation has been tested in any form. Additional logging packages
may be added in the future.

[log]: https://pkg.go.dev/log
[log/slog]: https://pkg.go.dev/log/slog
[logr]: https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/go-logr/logr

## Usage

```go
package main

import (
	"context"
	"log/slog"

	"github.com/tslnc04/loki-logger/pkg/client"
	lokislog "github.com/tslnc04/loki-logger/pkg/slog"
)

func main() {
	lokiClient := client.NewLokiClient("http://localhost:3100/loki/api/v1/push")
	logger := lokislog.NewLogger(lokiClient, &slog.HandlerOptions{AddSource: true})
	logger.LogAttrs(context.Background(), slog.LevelInfo, "Hello, world!", slog.Bool("test", true))
}
```

## Copyright

This repo is licensed under the MIT license. Copyright 2024 Kirsten Laskoski.

Some of the code is based heavily on Promtail, in particular the [labelsMapToString function]. The original code is licensed under the Apache 2.0 license.

Code has also been taken from the [slog package], which is licensed under the BSD 3-clause license. See the [LICENSE-go] file for details.

[labelsMapToString function]: https://github.com/grafana/loki/blob/main/clients/pkg/promtail/client/batch.go#L76
[slog package]: https://pkg.go.dev/log/slog
[LICENSE-go]: ./LICENSE-go
